DLM frozen tier docs (#6530)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/data-store/data-streams/set-up-data-stream.md

While optional, we recommend using the {{ilm}} ({{ilm-init}}) capability in {{stack}} deployments to automate the management of your data stream’s backing indices. {{ilm-init}} requires an index lifecycle policy.

:::{admonition} Simpler lifecycle management in {{serverless-short}} projects
{{ilm-init}} lets you automatically transition indices through data tiers according to your performance needs and retention requirements. This allows you to balance hardware costs with performance. {{ilm-init}} is not available in {{serverless-short}}, where performance optimizations are automatic. Instead, [data stream lifecycle](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream.md) is available as a data management option.
:::

::::{note}

> :applies_to: {"stack": "ga 9.5", "serverless": "unavailable"}

Reviewer: this step is just for stack so we can drop serverless again

```suggestion
:applies_to: {"stack": "ga 9.5"}
```

> If you choose [data stream lifecycle](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream.md) over {{ilm-init}} for a data stream, you can use `frozen_after` to move older backing indices to frozen-tier {{search-snaps}} while retention still governs when data is deleted. Refer to [](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream/frozen-searchable-snapshots.md).

Reviewer: is this entire step wrong now? should it be an either/or? should the decision criteria be embedded in the opening paragraph, which is quite opinionated?

>While optional, we recommend using the index lifecycle management (ILM) capability in Elastic Stack deployments to automate the management of your data stream’s backing indices. ILM requires an index lifecycle policy.

in place, consider

```suggestion
If you only need {{ilm-init}} to move older backing indices to frozen-tier {{search-snaps}}, skip this step and use [data stream lifecycle](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream.md) instead. Refer to [](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream/frozen-searchable-snapshots.md).
```

```suggestion
If you only need {{ilm-init}} to move older backing indices to frozen-tier {{search-snaps}}, consider using [data stream lifecycle](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream.md) (DLM) instead. If you use DLM, then this step can be skipped. Refer to [](/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream/frozen-searchable-snapshots.md).
```

Reviewer 2: I think we really want to recommend that users use DLM if they can. We should change the first paragraph to indicate that if the user's needs are met by DLM, use that, otherwise, consider ILM.

Author: Rather than taking a swipe at it in this PR, I'll create a separate PR to either merge https://www.elastic.co/docs/manage-data/data-store/data-streams/set-up-data-stream#secure-data-stream and https://www.elastic.co/docs/manage-data/lifecycle/data-stream/tutorial-create-data-stream-with-lifecycle or make the different paths more obvious.
